[Music]
Hello friends of the channel
welcome to the first news the
first newscast of the day and only
that you have flooded my account and
being on sale of email so I like it
okay that you are always sending things
there and well remind you that today
we have an appointment in you know that if I don't
forget the hostels leaving in the
description okay or in a comment
pinned on this video and it is that you already know
that in August we are doing a
special live once a week on this
platform today we will be reading the
hashtag not from yesterday from those from Berlin this one is
going to talk to you and put
audios and so on and well you already know that at the
end of the month among the top three of these
live shows a 64 GB iPhone 12
of the color of the winner will be raffled off okay
so well I wouldn't think about it and I would
be in the live show but come on yes or yes
point out set the alarm on your
phone towards whatever you want no well
we have this document that you are seeing
on screen
curious documents that are giving
a lot to talk about and that the networks
are exploding  I went to
episode 3 of the
documentary to see it to see
if it was real that this document appeared in
the series if it appears in the series let's see you
know that my position leans more towards
one side than the other, not for anything
but for what I believe over the years what I
believe is that almost everything in the documentary
is a lie in my personal opinion it will go and I
highly doubt that I will move valuable I don't
believe almost anything that Rosito says
I think it's a fool that she's making a fool of herself
because she wants to ruin
Antonio's life it's not like I think it's
some kind of revenge it's not some
kind of obsession that she has
because she has looked bad okay she has looked
bad in the public eye for the things she has
done no and how she lived her life okay let's
just leave it there I don't believe her
anymore based on a lot of
contradictions that the documentary itself has
and based on the fact that she has no
evidence to support what she
says no matter how many little pieces of paper she shows
but yes you see one thing and that is that I
like to check everything and well to be
faithful to the truth
there are many people who  He says that this
document is false for some things that we are
going to see below that he has
falsified and of the return no and I am going to
give you the explanations of this document and
why what happens in this document happens or
at least what I think is worth seeing
in the header of the document in reality
the document is not seen in its entirety
what can be seen in the documentary is this the
beginning where it says a bit of the
medical history and her name and then
a part in which it says that at
twenty-something weeks of pregnancy she had to
go and the doctor advised her to rest no
basically the document is that side the
two pieces of salts in the documentary
is that no this document is supposed to be she would be
pregnant with the little one not
David in 1999 after this episode
of the window the famous beginning of the
window that we have talked so much about
well let's make it clear that I did not obtain that episode
but come on no way or I mean I
would have risked a real novel that
then there was the debate about whether there were
bars and people believed that
the debate was there not on whether there were
bars
and that if it was proven that there were no
bars it meant  that the episode of the
window in truth there was no grate or there were no
bars I do not believe that Antonio
Davis but come on there would have been bars there would have been
bars or even if there was a
slide in the window I do not believe that
Antonio David grabbed the rice and
stuck half his body out the window in
Russia's house jury the rice who
was not at all persecuted and with that house
full of paparazzi and all day long neither
crazy okay nor crazy but well there
half get off the donkey okay I do not care
that there were bars the truth is that
people believe that the debate was whether there was a
grate or not and that if it was shown
that there were no bars then it was
true look at us chic maybe there was no
grate and some of the truth that there
was no grate but anyway I'm walking a new
life I tell you that in that street it does not
occur to him to take out the quoted with half his
body with the window neither him nor nor
raise his voice so that it can be heard
from the street but well here is the
fact is that in this paper that is supposed to be
was  that at that time, not
after that episode, 1999,
we found the following. It begins by
saying: well, a 22-year-
old patient, group 0 rh positive,
personal history,
childhood illnesses,
fracture of the tibia and fibula due
to the traffic accident, smoker, no
known allergies, and in addition, we found
the first thing that shocked us: no
family history,
mother and grandmother, pancreatic cancer.
Well, this is, you already know what happens.
The mother's case wasn't detected until
2004, and we're talking about 1996. Here, there are
many people who might think that perhaps
the family or among themselves, not
privately, as is logical, would know before
bringing it to the press.
But, well, it was 5 years before, not five
years before, not five years. In five
years, the cancer would have advanced
a lot.
Here, the first thing fails: no mother and
grandmother, pancreatic cancer.
Then the following: the following line, I don't
know what it means, to be honest, the m 13m thing
sounds familiar to me, but
well, I have no idea what it
means, but then the
obstetric history, I do know what
it means and they look at encyclopedias.  you can
check it on the internet also g2 and p2
this refers to the fact that rocio
carrasco the patient has had two
seasons, two pregnancies and two
for example if she had had
two pregnancies
but they had an abortion because you
can think well maybe she
had an abortion that she has not made
public no but I would not put two births I
would put one birth only p one okay well
then there are many people here who are
saying that this document
is obviously false that she has caught
it falsified or whatever no I am going to
say what I think is happening here okay
and being as honest as I can and
always faithful to what I believe is the
truth okay if a pseudo fails giving an
account during the documentary she has
she presents some documents that
she believes prove everything and she
presents some documents that
how good that they are documents that
she has been asking for at all times and
keeping the no but most of it is
news and the vast majority because
getting will be the majority but much
of the documentation that she has been
collecting later I will give you
several examples for example
the case of kiko matamoros when kiko
matamoros says that rocito  It led us to
not attend the child's neurologist appointments
at the Quirn hospital, the document
that already has some document that she
now requests from the neurologist after the fact,
but since his name was Dr. Jan, I think it
was, she asks him for a document now and the
neurologist writes to her, he makes the paper
where it says I don't know if she
couldn't keep the appointment, what a mistake, he goes on doing whatever,
for example, about the window on the
paper,
the sworn statement of the man who
installed the bars, that document is not
from the date of the window, it is from a later date,
that document is an affidavit
that she asks this man to
install bars to have it done by a notary,
okay, and I can perfectly
ask that to whoever I want. Hey, I had the notary
and I said, you did this from this date,
period, okay, it's not an invoice from that
time or anything, and we have several, there are
several documents that she requests
after the fact, okay, so what I
imagine is that this document from Dr.
Rafael de Mendizbal or Mendizbal, I don't see the
text put in, but I think that this paper is
already requested from that clinic
after the fact, when they are putting
some  type of complaint or when she files
the complaint for gender violence, okay,
then of course, in the clinic or in the
hospital, what they do is look for
her medical history, they look for the
date or the specific consultation that she
is asking for and they
print and print in that part what
happens, of course, as they are experiencing it
now, in what is at the
beginning, in the clinical data of the
patient, not the name and the summary, Elche,
well, the most
up-to-date things now appear. I don't know if I have applied myself well,
okay, it's as if you go now to the doctor, to
your family doctor or to the hospital, okay,
here someone Macarena, for example, CNOOC,
if you have a private doctor, it's better because
everything is even more controlled, but
anyway, whether it's private or
public, they get into the system and
everything is fine, okay, things about doctors are like
that, so it's like if you went to
your family doctor and you say, hey,
please can you look for me once in
2010 when I came because my
elbow hurt and then the doctor looks for it for you, you
tell him the date, he looks for it and it is
printed and then most likely what
happens is that they come out with data
updated on what is your
main information it is not a smoker not allergic about
your mother's cancer but that
stays there maybe that does not come out to you
as it does not come out to you outdated understand it does not come
out to you until now you come out what there is
now okay I do not know if they have
explained it well but I hope that you have
understood me I think that to be
honest this way as much as I do not believe
Roco Carrasco because I already tell you that I do
not believe it and that it is very difficult it will
be that I would change my opinion it would be a lot
things would have to go wrong not for
nothing but because I have already seen the contradictions
and I have already seen things that
indicate to me that it is not worth it essay what I see
there is an intention to destroy the
life of another person because look because they have
had a media battle in
which she has come out very badly she has not
done things well and she has come out terrible
so she does not like to be
criticized she does not like to look bad also she is
quite capricious girl she got
more than she should want to ruin the
other person's life that is my impression my
personal opinion is okay so as much as I do
not believe  almost nothing of what she says I'm
not going to do either a person who
is not objective and who doesn't know that she is
throwing garbage here to this
person for any reason okay I do not
believe under any circumstances that she would
dedicate herself to falsifying documents okay no no no I don't
believe in any way that she would
start falsifying documentation no no no she
is not crazy she is not crazy enough
to risk doing that and if they
catch her it's a tremendous mess okay so
everything has its explanation I think
that the most logical explanation in which
you age that this document has been requested
later to present it in one
of the lawsuits and
that the document is not false does not
mean that the episode of the window is
real in the document what we see is that
she says that the doctor recommends
a quieter life because she is having
a very disturbed life well it
may well be that they get
upset because every moment she
was scolding Antonio da
Vida every moment he was fighting
with his father or for a million things
okay
the paper does not say absolutely at any
time that he has worried in the video
capture and has made  Something is worth it,
I want to make it clear, also, well
family, the video has become very long,
see you in the next one, a
hug
[Music]